Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to talk about sultans.
First of all, we are going to talk about Firebase or Inception, and we are going to create the loaded
spinner.
Okay.
To do this, we have to go to our seller log screen.
But before then, I'm going to show you this.
Remember we said if the error is order from this, we then want to return this log bear, which is going
to say something went wrong.
Okay, now what we're going to do is over the sellers sign in.
We can just type a an email address which does not exist.
I can say test at Gmail.
That's com.
And for password, just type something gibberish and click on.
Just going to get rid of this first and click on log in.
Log in.
Okay.
I think click on login.
You can see something went wrong, but the issue is the user won't be able to know what actually went
wrong.
So to make this a bit more cleaner or to make this a bit more informative to that user, that, hey,
this was what happened.
To do that before the catch block.
We have a property known as on Firebase Hard's exception.
Okay.
And instead of saying something went wrong, we are.
I'm going to get rid of this and use the e dot.
E dot.
Code.
Okay.
The E basically is referring to error.
And I think also you have to remove this from your code.
Head up to this next number.
You can see why raising the snack bar.
And we created it over here within the controllers territory.
And what I basically just did, I get I got rid of this string, right.
To say it can be anything.
It can also be a number.
Or probably you can just use the string and see if there will be an issue.
Okay.
No issue.
This is good.
Okay, this is good.
Okay.
And now we can then try this out.
Click on this again.
Like you can see user notes found.
I think this is a bit clear.
Okay.
And now we are going to create the load spinner back to the seller login screen and.
The first step is to create a variable which is going to be a type of bull because it is a true a false
value and.
We can call this as London.
Is equal to force defaults.
Okay, great.
And mainly we click on the login sellers.
We then want to set state.
And what we have to say is it's loaded.
It's going to be equal to true.
Right.
And after we have successfully signed in the user, what we want to do is we want to say dot one completes.
That is after we finished signing up the user.
Then we want to set stage again.
To set a slowdown.
It's more than is equal for us.
Okay.
But if the fields are not valid, right?
We still want to be stuck with force set state and the slogan.
It's going to be hard to force.
Okay.
Forrest okay.
And what if the error is order from this?
That is a it is different from if the error is different from what we have via.
Maybe we can also set a state of a state and it's in.
Should remain at first.
This use needs to save.
And.
We can then.
Look for the log in.
Log in, test.
Logged in test and wire, we can then say is loaded with equal to true.
We didn't want to return a circular.
The Circular Progress Indicator.
And color colours that whites.
Okay.
Colors.
White else.
It says.
Okay, great.
And so I'm going to copy this.
Copy this.
Okay.
It's going to do this again for the London silver screen.
London's silver screen.
In the way.
So we can is going to break this down.
And on five days ot exception.
We want to return.
Return.
A snack bar.
Snack bar.
It's a print to show these are the era and this is going to be ee deutsch code.
Okay.
Create nice country and save.
We also need to save this five.
Okay.
And try this out.
I think we have test.
Test to store.
And the password is not your issue.
But B.J. Macy, click on log in.
You can see that there's been a day I think it has been successfully logged in.
Now, let's check our new seminar and check outputs to see if you can see seller and you can see the
height of the user.
Yes.
That's a fine listener.
Right.
Seems good.
Sims Good.
SIM skills.
Sims good.
And we could also try for the.
For the sign up.
The case.
So I think you have to face that and create a seller's account.
And I'm going to pick this image.
Go, go, go, go, go.
Okay.
So.
And.
Okay.
No, I'm just going to pick this.
And over here for the full name, I'm going to use that test.
Test to store.
So I think the full name okay, we can just use that as the phone name and the email address is going
to be test to store and the password is going to be.
You are messy and let's see if this account will still be created.
Okay.
Sorry.
Currently loading.
And as you can see, email is already used and what we have to do.
We also need to turn data force.
Right.
You can see the account was not created and you can see the error is very clear now.
Okay.
And over here, we also need to turn it to force.
If.
It's called assumption.
We also need to set state.
Said State.
This new copy states and it's loading.
It's going to be equal to force.
I hope this is cleared.
Okay.
Is control.
He's gonna try and save, and that's what.
It's out.